Update service creation for Free Plan (#4487)
timescale/docs: _partials/_services-intro.md

A $SERVICE_LONG is a single optimised $PG instance extended with innovations in the database engine and cloud
infrastructure to deliver speed without compromise. A $SERVICE_LONG is 10-1000x faster at scale! It
is ideal for applications requiring strong data consistency, complex relationships, and advanced querying capabilities.
Get ACID compliance, extensive SQL support, JSON handling, and extensibility through custom functions, data types, and
extensions.

> You create $SERVICE_SHORTs in a project in your $CLOUD_LONG account. You have one project in an account, and you can have multiple $SERVICE_SHORTs in a project. A $SERVICE_SHORT houses a single $PG database.

Reviewer: $PG instance op
```suggestion
Each $SERVICE_SHORT is associated with a project in a $CLOUD_LONG account. Each account has one project, and each project can have multiple $SERVICE_SHORTs. Each user is a member of one or more projects. 
```
And link to https://docs.tigerdata.com/use-timescale/latest/security/members/

A $SERVICE_LONG is a single optimised $PG instance extended with innovations in the database engine and cloud
infrastructure to deliver speed without compromise. A $SERVICE_LONG is 10-1000x faster at scale! It
is ideal for applications requiring strong data consistency, complex relationships, and advanced querying capabilities.
Get ACID compliance, extensive SQL support, JSON handling, and extensibility through custom functions, data types, and
extensions.

> Each $SERVICE_SHORT is associated with a project in a $CLOUD_LONG account. Each account has one project, and each project can have multiple $SERVICE_SHORTs. Each user is a [member of one or more projects][rbac].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each $SERVICE_SHORT is associated with a project in $CLOUD_LONG. Each project can have multiple $SERVICE_SHORTs. Each user is a [member of one or more projects][rbac].
```

You create free and standard $SERVICE_SHORTs in $CONSOLE_LONG, depending on your [$PRICING_PLAN][pricing-plans]. A free $SERVICE_SHORT comes at zero cost and gives you limited resources to get to know $CLOUD_LONG. Once you are ready to try out more advanced features, you can switch to a paid plan and convert your free $SERVICE_SHORT to a standard one.

![Tiger pricing plans](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tiger-cloud-console/tiger-pricing.svg)

To the $PG you know and love, $CLOUD_LONG adds the following capabilities:

- **Standard $SERVICE_SHORTs**:

    - _Real-time analytics_: store and query [time-series data][what-is-time-series] at scale for
      real-time analytics and other use cases. Get faster time-based queries with $HYPERTABLEs, $CAGGs, and columnar storage. Save money by compressing data into the $COLUMNSTORE, moving cold data to low-cost bottomless storage in Amazon S3, and deleting old data with automated policies.
    - _AI-focused_: build AI applications from start to scale. Get fast and accurate similarity search
      with the pgvector and pgvectorscale extensions. Create vector embeddings and perform LLM reasoning on your data with

>       the pgai extension.

Reviewer 2: `pgai` is no longer an extension, it's now a python library.  Probably remove the line mentioning it or separate it from the section about extensions?

Reviewer: Let's just remove "Create vector embeddings and perform LLM reasoning on your data with
      the pgai extension."

Author: removed

    - _Hybrid applications_: get a full set of tools to develop applications that combine time-based data and AI.

  All standard $SERVICE_LONGs include the tooling you expect for production and developer environments: [live migration][live-migration],
  [automatic backups and PITR][automatic-backups], [high availability][high-availability], [$READ_REPLICAs][readreplica], [data forking][operations-forking], [connection pooling][connection-pooling], [tiered storage][data-tiering],
  [usage-based storage][how-plans-work], secure in-$CONSOLE [SQL editing][in-console-editors], $SERVICE_SHORT [metrics][metrics]

>   and [insights][insights],&nbsp;[streamlined maintenance][maintain-upgrade],&nbsp;and much more. $CLOUD_LONG continuously monitors your $SERVICE_SHORTs and prevents common $PG out-of-memory crashes.

Reviewer 2: Do we capitalize "Insights"?

Author: We don't if it's in the general sense, we do when referring specifically to the tab in Console.
